Hello, I'm Doctor Sheldon Cooper.
And I'm Doctor Amy Farrah Fowler.
And welcome to the first
on-location episode
of Doctor Sheldon Cooper and
Doctor Amy Farrah Fowler present...
Doctor Sheldon Cooper's
Fun with Flags.
Hit it.
For joy and fun
there's no better manner
Than to fly a pennant
flag or banner
What fills my heart
and makes my eyes moist
Sending a flag up a pole on a hoist
Fun with flags
Oh! Say can you see
It's fun with flags
Fun with flags
As you may notice,
just one of the changes around
here is our new house band.
Who haven't learned their place yet.
We're also coming to you live
from a different apartment.
Doctor Fowler and I began an
experiment in living together
after her apartment
became water damaged.
This is our friend Penny's place.
You may remember her
from our episode,
Flags, and the People
Who Don't Understand Them.
So, in the spirit of cohabitation,
the theme of today's episode
is flags of two regions
coming together as one.
Such as the flag
of Saint Kitts and Nevis.
So let's roll up our "sleeves"
and get to know "Nevis."
I like that,
but next time check with me.
Did you know, that the flag
was designed by
a student named Edrice Lewis...
I can't believe I'm saying this,
but can we watch the news
or something?
It's cute, they're
having fun living together.
Yeah, I wonder what they're
gonna do when her apartment's ready.
- Actually, it's been ready for weeks.
- What do you mean?
Well, they finished the work early,
but she's been telling Sheldon
they're behind schedule.
- So, she's just been lying to him?
- Well, you've lied to Sheldon.
Yeah, but to make him leave,
not to make him stay.
Buda and Pest
united to form Budapest.
And that's why Budapest
is the "Buda-best."
- Now.
- Sorry!
Thank you for
your services, gentlemen.
I'm hoping to broaden our audience
with your youthful rock 'n' roll music.
Aw, you think you have an audience,
that's funny!
We don't get paid? Nothing?
Not even a sandwich?
It's almost dinner time,
you in the mood for anything?
You know, we could get
Thai food near your apartment
and then drop in
and check on the progress.
Oh, you don't wanna do that,
it's a construction zone.
So?
Well, what about your fear
of stray nails and butt cracks?
I am terrified of stepping on a nail
and falling into a butt crack.
Anyway, how about dinner?
You know, if you'd like, I could
call your landlord and complain.
Thanks, but you don't have to.
Oh, I don't mind,
I'm very good at complaining.
Yeah. If it were an Olympic sport,
I'd complain about
what a stupid sport it is
and then I'd take home the gold.
Good stuff. So, uh, what about dinner?
Is it me or are you purposely
changing the subject?
No.
And on the subject of subjects,
is your use of the word "subject"
the same or different as when
we speak about the subject of a king?
I have a feeling
you're still doing it.
But I find that topic irresistible so,
now in ancient Mesopotamia,
the King referred
to the people as his property.
I'm serious,
JPL's actually developing a robot arm
that could grab
an asteroid before it hits us.
So their plan for saving
the Earth from Armageddon
is hoping a bunch of
scientists can catch a ball?
If we're all gonna die,
why am I eating so much kale?
You're awful quiet, everything okay?
I'm concerned about Amy.
She's acting a bit odd, lately.
Just out of curiosity
what registers as "odd" to you?
Her behavior.
Now, I have the feeling
that she's hiding something.
I wouldn't worry about it,
she's probably distracted by work.
Well, whatever it is,
it's troubling me.
I can't eat, I can't sleep,
and don't even ask about the
consistency of my bowel movements.
You heard him, guys, don't ask.
Why would she keep something from me?
You know,
I shared my body with that woman.
And my Netflix password!
They recommended
Stella Got Her Groove Back
because of her.
Buddy, but, listen.
Nothing bad is going on, she just...
She just didn't want you to know
that the work on her apartment
was finished a couple weeks ago.
I don't understand.
She's enjoying living with you
and she didn't want it to end early.
So, she's deceiving me in order
to spend more time with me.
Yes.
Well, I feel both
flattered and hurt, you know?
Like when people say
I look like that skeleton
from Nightmare Before Christmas.
Oh, my God, that's who you look like!
Sheldon, this is not a big deal.
It's a little white lie,
everyone does it.
Not me, I'm 100% honest
in all of my relationships.
And how single are you right now?
Eating cake on the toilet single.
Well, I won't tolerate
deception in my relationship.
Now I have no choice
but to confront her.
Don't do that, you've got gold here.
Hang onto it until you're in trouble
and then throw it in her face.
Why would you tell him that?
That's terrible advice.
So you wouldn't want
to have anything on Penny?
Well, of course not.
So, if I actually know
something right now, and I do,
you don't want me to tell you?
- Uh... No.
- I'll take that as a yes.
She's secretly been moving
your collectibles into storage
a little at a time
and you haven't noticed.
Are you kidding me?
See? I've known
that for weeks, but, you know,
I waited till the moment when
it would cause him the most pain.
Superman's gone,
my Stormtrooper's gone?
Your Klingon
word-of-the-day calendar's gone.
I'd say "damn it" in Klingon
but that wasn't until next month.
- It's "khoo-vakh."
- "Khoo-vakh."
She took my Where's Waldo!
- Well, no, no, he's over there.
- Oh, yeah, there he is.
So, what's the deal
with your apartment?
Why is it taking so long?
Uh, it was a drywall problem.
Oh, no. What happened?
Well, the drywall got wet
and you do not want wet drywall
because when drywall
gets wet it's really more...
Wet wall?
- Or damp wall! Just as bad.
- Mmm.
So why don't
they just get more drywall?
Well, they went to get some
but the woman at the wall store
said it was going on sale
and they should wait
- because the savings of the...
- Okay, are you done?
Bernadette told me
your apartment's ready.
I was done at wet wall
but you wouldn't let it go.
Is Sheldon really believing all this crap?
Well, he started to question it,
but then I fake sneezed on him
and he ran to take a shower.
Please don't say anything,
I feel terrible about this.
- Oh, don't worry, I won't.
- Thanks.
- The woman at the wall store?
- Let it go!
Are you going to confront Penny?
Eventually, I guess.
Although, I am kind of curious
how long she thinks
she can keep hiding
my stuff without me knowing.
Mmm.
You know, perhaps
instead of confronting them,
we should see how far they're
willing to spin their tangled webs.
Like that Spider-Man action figure
that used to be on your desk.
Oh, my God. I'm going blind!
- Hi.
- Food's here.
Excellent. I'm very hungry.
Speaking of which,
what's going on with your apartment?
- Oh. Uh, they're still working on it.
- Interesting. Very interesting.
Yeah, we swung by her apartment
on the way to the restaurant.
They're gonna be
fixing it for a while.
Wait, you saw her apartment?
I did. Still a mess.
- Leonard?
- Yeah?
Why are you speaking Klingon?
Why are you speaking English?
This is ridiculous.
Penny, do you remember
when I taught you Ubbi-dubbi?
- All right, stop that!
- You stop that!
Okay. That's enough.
You know what?
What is going on?
Fine, I told Sheldon that
her apartment's been finished,
and you said
it's not so now I'm all confused.
Penny was just covering for me.
My place has been
ready for two weeks.
How could you lie to me?
She's enjoyed living with you.
It's called being in love.
And what's it called
when you secretly
get rid of all your husband's stuff?
That is not true!
Bernadette told Howard,
Howard told me.
Plus, I can see all my stuff is gone!
Oh. So you believe your friend
and your friend's wife
and your own eyes over me?
Wow.
You really didn't think
I'd notice my stuff was missing?
Uh, did you notice your key chain?
Where's Batman?
Hey.
Why did you tell Howard
I was hiding Leonard's things?
One sec.
Why did you tell Leonard I told you
Penny was hiding his things?
It just came up because we were talking
about secrets and, wait...
Yeah, would you stop it with that!
I'm not really a part of this,
so I'm just gonna dig in.
And I'd like to know why you
blabbed about my apartment?
You're up, blabby.
Amy, I'm sorry,
I shouldn't have said anything.
I guess it's okay.
I'm sorry
that I lied about my apartment.
- It's all right.
- And?
And, what?
Your wizard robes are next to go.
Now that everything's out on the table,
you think you two
will keep living together?
Despite recent events,
I do consider our experiment in
cohabitation to have been positive.
Are you saying
you'd like to live with me?
I'm open to the possibility.
Whatever.
You know, if he moves
across the hall for good,
Leonard could keep the stuff
you don't like in Sheldon's old room.
- Solves everything.
- That's a great idea!
Ooh, maybe,
I could turn it into a gaming den.
- That would be amazing.
- Well, hold, hold on.
Excuse me, that's my room.
But you won't be living here.
- But that's my room.
- But you won't be living here.
- You guys may want to start eating.
But you won't be living here.
Sweetie, once you stop paying rent,
none of this is really yours.
- But that's my room.
- But you won't be living here.
Thank you for understanding.
Hey, I get it.
Everybody wants
to spend more time with me.
I'm like a man
made of sugar in a world of ants.
- Good night.
- 'Night.
If we did continue living together,
would it be here?
I don't know. It could be.
Of course there's,
there's always your apartment.
Sure, sure,
we could live in my apartment.
I hate your apartment.
Sorry you brought it up?
Well, I suppose
we could find a whole new place.
You know, and technically we don't
even have to stay in Pasadena.
You know, we could move to Altadena,
or a place that
doesn't even end in "Dena."
It's kind of exciting, I mean,
we could do whatever we want.
But what if we move
and we don't like it?
What if there's a smoker
in the building? Or pets?
Or, there could be mold.
There could be traffic noise.
I'm gonna have to learn
a whole new bus route.
Are you trying to soothe me
by singing the
Star Trek theme as a lullaby?
- Yes.
- I'm not a child, don't do that.
Sorry.
Do you know 2001: A Space Odyssey?
All right, now that's soothing.
Look, I get it. It's still my room.
- We haven't really made it yours.
- Thank you.
Which is why I got you
this Pink Power Ranger.
Put it anywhere you like.
Okay, but you may
feel some discomfort.
I'm kidding,
I want you to feel at home here.
Decorate it any way
that makes you happy.
- Do you really mean that?
- I really do.
Great. And just so you know,
I'm not getting rid of all your stuff.
Yeah? What are you keeping?
That candle and you.
- What about my robot poster?
- I can make do with just the candle.
What's going on?
I'm struggling with the thought
of leaving my old bedroom.
Can it be more of
an internal struggle?
I need to see it.
While I'm gone,
don't breathe on my pillow.
How about if
I just don't breathe at all?
That's my girl.
What on Earth?
What is going on?
Oh. Hey, Sheldon!
We turned your room
into a sex dungeon! Oh!
- No!
- What is it?
Okay, last question.
The chaps he was wearing, assless?
Can we just focus
on the decision I'm facing?
We can. But for the record,
all chaps are assless.
Gentlemen, please!
This is a significant decision.
Now, do Amy and I
continue living together
or do I move back in with Leonard?
Over my assless chaps, you will.
This isn't complicated.
- Do you love Amy?
- Yes.
- Do you like living with her?
Do you know what you need to do now?
Apparently figure this out on my own
'cause you guys are no help at all.
Hi.
Hello.
What are you doing?
I'm just contemplating
Buridan's donkey.
I understand. I'll leave you be.
What?
You're familiar with the reference?
Of course.
Jean Buridan proposed
a philosophical thesis stating
that a hungry donkey placed between
two equidistant bales of hay
would be paralyzed by indecision
and would starve to death.
Exactly.
I wouldn't want you
to starve to death, so,
here's an eggplant.
Thank you.
You know, some people believe that
Buridan was plagiarizing Aristotle.
Really?
Although, in Aristotle's example
he proposed an equally hungry
and thirsty man
caught between food and drink.
Oh. Yeah, I wonder if that's
related to the 12th-century
Persian philosopher, Al-Ghazali
and his story of a man
caught between two dates.
Are you suggesting
Al-Ghazali was an Aristotelian?
'Cause if anything,
he was anti-Aristotelian.
Al-Ghazali was anti-Aristotelian?
Boy! You think you know a guy.
Okay, open your eyes
and see your new room.
Wow.
I know I went a little overboard.
We can always dial it back.
No, no! No, no, no!
It's important to me that
you have the bedroom you want.
- Oh, that means so much. I love you.
- I love you, too.
Just hiding some stuff
in your closet, don't tell Penny.
English - SDH